Now, it's your turn attached to this video is workshy kinematics worksheet number to try this on your
own and there is going to be a Kanzaki attached to this as well.
So try this on your own.
That's what you and let me know in the comments if you have any questions, even after checking out
explanation's.
So I'm just going to go through this worksheet, which is kind of breezed through right now.
So we actually have questions one through three so that those look very familiar, four, five and six
to seven.
All right.
So notice what's missing.
I am taking away some of your training wheels right now.
That's why I like to call it.
So you're going to have to fill this in.
And what I don't want to say is when you're doing these problems, when you're actually working them
on your job by yourself, I cannot stress this enough.
Why I don't want to see you do is actually just do this.
I have the I the math acceleration.
Delta ti OK, next one.
I have so on, so forth and then coming down here writing them all out, that's not going to help you.
What you should really be doing now and I cannot stress this enough.
Fill out all this information for this problem, do you see the problem, OK, Ben, go on to the next
one.
All this information do the problem.
Next one, fill this out, do the problem.
It's young.
Get you into the habit of actually having this be a lot more systematic the way that you go about approaching
this.
And it's just good practice.
It's just good for your memorization, because when you come down here, notice that all of your training
wheels are gone.
So we want to be able to practice this.
And once again, for this problem, you fill out your given information, do your problem, bam, next
one do to given information to the problem.
Notice how nice of an approach this is.
It's very systematic.
You're actually going to be able to benefit from these practices.
And I really hope that for your class that this actually really helps you out going from having these
training wheels and then actually just taking them away.
But you're going to have the practice to be able to just do this on your own.
And I'd like to think that you're probably going to be ahead in your class and having to show other
classmates how to go about doing this if you're that kind of person or whatever.
But yeah, so try this out.
Like I said, I'm actually just going to attach a and answer key as well.
So feel free to actually look at that.
I highly suggest.
Don't you look at that until you're done with this worksheet and can do your comparison and I'm sure
that you know that.
OK, well, good luck to you.